# Voice_Enabled_Text_Summarizer
In this new time where a lot of information is available on the Web, it is important to give an improved mechanism to separate the information quickly and all the more efficiently. It is hard for human beings to manually extract the summary of a large document of text. There are a lot of text material available on the Web/Internet. Surfing on the internet for the disable people is a big challenge in this Internet world. Thus, through this project users can control their whole browser through the voice command which is a very convenient way for disabled as well as normal people. Users can convert a bunch of data into important information and can mail for their future use. So, there is a issue of searching for important documents from the large number of documents available, and abstracting relevant information from it. The problem becomes worse if the user is not able to read things continuously, maybe because of some problem in eyes or physical disability. It will be very convenient to work in this lockdown. Text Summarization is the way of creating a dense form of text document which keeps crucial information and general context of source text. Automatic text summarization becomes a significant method of discovering important data accurately in enormous text in a less time with little effort. So, through this project we aim to solve these two problems by providing an efficient solution using Natural Language Processing. The project will work in real time where we don’t need to manually put any paragraph for its summarization, rather everything will be voice controlled.
